Instructions

Setting up:
When the program is run, the first thing the users needs to do is to choose
whether to use input or seed value when creating the board.

If the user wishes to use seed value they must put any number in range 0-50 into the
seed LineEdit widget. If the seed corresponds a bad seed (seed produces a non-solvable gameboard)
the game cannot be started.

If the user wishes to create the game layout based on their own input they must
type it into the input LineEdit widget. The input must be (BoardSize*BoardSize + 2)
characters long and the first and last characters must be an empty space.
For example, if the board size is equal to 8 then there must be 66
characters in the input. Allowed characters in the input are 'C'(circle),
'T'(triangle) and ' '(empty space). If the input is mistaken, the game cannot be started

User can also set the game board to its desired size by changing
the value of the const integer NUMBER_OF_SYMBOLS in the file gameboard.hh on line 19.

If the seed value or input is set, user can start the game by
pressing PLAY-button after which the following happens:
-The game board becomes visible to the player and gets filled with symbols
-The game timer starts
-Reset button is enabled
-Pause button is enabled(additional feature)
-Y coordinate LineEdit widget is enabled
-X coordinate LineEdit widget is enabled
-Symbol LineEdit widget is enabled
-Insert button is enabled

Player can add symbols to the game board by giving X & Y coordinates
and the symbol they wish to add. These can be set by putting the values
inside the LineEdit Widgets which are shown in the game interface.

Allowed coordinate values are:
0 - 6(board size)

Allowed symbol values are:
'C' which is equal to a circle symbol on the game board.
'T' which is equal to a triangle symbol on the game board.

When these values are set, the user can add the symbol to the game board by pressing
INSERT-button. If the input of coordinates or symbol is erroneous the game notifies the user
and the symbol doesn't get added.

The game can be reseted whenever by pressing the RESET-button. This starts the game all over again,
but the input or seed values cannot be changed.

If the entire board is filled with symbols the game notifies the player.
Game is won, if the entire board is filled according to the game's rules, otherwise it's lost.
The game timer stops and the time taken to fill the board is shown to the user.

Additional Features:
1. Game symbols are implemented as images. We are using triangle 'T' and circle 'C'
instead of one and zero.

4. The game allows to add symbols that are not following the game rules.
When this is done, the symbol is added to the board, but its background is red.
When user adds one symbol to the game board that doesn't follow the game's rules
the game is automatically lost, but the user can still keep adding these symbols to
the game board and the game timer keeps updating.

5. Game includes a point system. When the game is started or reseted the points are set to 100.
The points decrease by 2 everytime 10 seconds have passed so each minute spent in the game
means losing 10 points. The points are always displayed to the player.

7. The game background changes when the game  ends and changes back when reset button is clicked.
When the game ends (board is entirely filled with symbols) the background changes based on whether
the user won or lost. If won, it changes to green and if lost it becomes red. User wins the game
if she/he only placed symbols that followed the game's rules. If even one symbol is added not within
the game rules, the game is lost.

8. The game has a pause button. Pressing this puttong disables all the buttons in
the game and stops the timer. The game can be continued by pressing this button again.
